the day has arrived the mountains open
their doors for all snowboarders and
skiers the winter season is on and the
more boards Dubai premiere at the stubai
glacier in Austria set it on fire of
perfectly shapes dubai zoo park seek
events of brand saloon for all the gear
crazy 5 lots of people Bluebird
conditions heavy parties and much more
so welcome to stir by for the more
boards premiere 2010 we've got an
amazing day perfect son snow is
fantastic and we've got hundreds of kids
up on the hill skiing and snowboarding
for you today and there weren't only
amateurs on the hill at the nitro game
of sno pro rider le ash elhardt invited
eight of his pro snowboard friends to
put on a great show of first-class
snowboarding over the first kicker with
an 18 meter deck
that's the idea about the session I
planned it shouldn't be like a contest
or something you you gotta wait for or
you're gonna stress yourself out just be
a come together and opportunity to shred
together opportunity to party together
and that's I guess the reason why most
of people are here
so no reason not to go at the brand
saloon at the ice-clad Hardware brands
showcase a huge variety of product
testing opportunities and also the kids
got stuff to play with so this is the
Billabong Wheel of Fate where it lands
nobody knows right now it's land on the
kicker so all the kids who are in the
Billabong Wheel of Fate contest taking
part they have to do the best tricks
they can off the kick-out
love
oh let your body go
so it's been super so far a perfectly
shaped park I haven't seen anything like
it until now the snow park was the heart
of the on snow action from dawn till
dusk a huge variety of obstacles for all
levels was well appreciated by all the
riders and created a very unique
ambience in the park the kickers fit
together very well with the landings and
also for chipping there's many
opportunities with all the rails the
boxes yeah I think altogether they did a
very great job so the setup has always
been open to everyone little side events
deliver new fresh highlights for the
action in the park the volcom sausage
snake battle for example was held with
three different sessions on three
different chip obstacles this road about
it no two blocks without of course many
other sick tricks events and a happy
snowboard crowd set the bar high for
this park opening and let's not forget
next to all the jibs jumps and sliders
an opening is always a good reason to
partay and this time it was with
everybody's a glacier if you open
shooters it doesn t 1 500 are my familia
good
via